README.md, before:

#WebKick
##Introduction

WebKick is an empty Template/Directory scheme to kickstart your HTML/CSS/JS Templates which you can use for any CMS.
Though, I consider TYPO3 as preferred CMS. You can, with sufficient knowledge, build in any CMS or environment you wish to.
Like any other project - it includes a lot of other open source here to enable easy workflow

###Based on the SMACSS principles

The folder structure and the code is based on the SMACSS principles for organizing CSS.
WebKick adds another bunch of standards to organize templates. This template of a template works best with TYPO3. But you can however, use it for any other basic templating engine or just build upon this work.

###Uniting Best Exercises

Getting to know webdevelopment and/or design together with HTML and CSS is hard work. Getting it right together with applying coding guidelines and standards is another pair of shoes.

Seperating content from structure is the first step into a reasonable environment which you can extend and build upon. 

##Appendix


###Vendor Scripts

Prefixfree - Lea Verou - https://github.com/LeaVerou

Commit message:

Adding excuses for why this is not another boilerplate

README.md, after:

#WebKick
##Introduction


WebKick is an empty Template/Directory scheme to kickstart your HTML/CSS/JS Templates which you can use for any CMS.
Though, I consider TYPO3 as preferred CMS. You can, with sufficient knowledge, build in any CMS or environment you wish to.
Like any other project - it includes a lot of other open source here to enable easy workflow.

This is not just another boilerplate, it is much more a way to organize your stuff.

###Based on the SMACSS principles

The folder structure and the code is based on the SMACSS principles for organizing CSS.
WebKick adds another bunch of standards to organize templates. This template of a template works best with TYPO3. But you can however, use it for any other basic templating engine or just build upon this work.

###Uniting Best Exercises

Getting to know webdevelopment and/or design together with HTML and CSS is hard work. Getting it right together with applying coding guidelines and standards is another pair of shoes. Seperating content from structure is the first step into a reasonable environment which you can extend and build upon. 

##Appendix


###Vendor Scripts

Prefixfree - Lea Verou - https://github.com/LeaVerou
